# University System Informal Description

ABC University is a large institution with several campuses. Each campus has a different 
name, address, distance to the city center and the only bus running to the campus. Each 
campus has one club. The name of the club, the building in which the club is located, the 
phone number of the club and the multiple sports which club offers, should all be 
recorded.  

The University consists of a number of faculties, such as the Art Faculty, the 
Science Faculty, and so on. Each faculty has a name, dean and building. A faculty may be 
divided into a number of schools, for example, the Science Faculty has a School of 
Physics and a School of Chemistry. Each school belongs to one faculty only and is 
located on just one campus, but one campus maybe the location of many schools.  

Every school has name and an building assigned to. Each school offers different 
programmes and each programme can be offered by only one school. Each programme 
has a unique code, title, level and duration. Each programme comprises several courses, 
different programmes have different courses. Each course has a unique code and course 
title. Some courses may have one or more prerequisite courses and one course can be the 
prerequisite course of some other courses. 

Each of the students is enrolled in a single programme of study which involves a 
fixed core of courses specific to that programme as well as a number of electives taken 
from other programmes. Students work on courses and are awarded a grade in any course 
if he/she passes the course. Otherwise the student has to re-take the failed course. The 
system needs to record the year and term in which the course was taken and the grade 
awarded to the student. Every student has a unique ID. The system also keeps the student 
name, birthday and the year he/she enrolled in the course. 

The school employs lecturers to teach the students. A lecturer is allowed to work 
for one school only. Each lecturer is assigned an ID which is unique across the whole 
university. The system keeps the lecturer’s name, title and the office room. A supervisor 
maybe in charge of several lecturers, but a lecturer, however reports to only one 
supervisor.  A lecturer can teach many different courses. A course may also have been 
taught by many different lecturers.

The university is operated by committees. Each faculty has to have a number of 
committees with the same titles across the university, such as the Faculty Executive, the 
Post Graduate Studies Committee, the Health and Sanity Committee, and so on. The 
committees meet regularly, such as weekly or monthly. The frequency is determined by 
the faculty involved. A committee’s members are all lecturers. A lecturer may be a 
member of several committees. 
